Explain the concept of Responsive Design. What does the term mean? 
Adaptive layout changes the design of the page depending on user behavior, platform, screen size, and orientation. It allows you to significantly save and not draw a new design for each resolution, but to change the size and arrangement of individual elements.
What did you discover in your research?
In my researches, I found what there are two types of design, responsive and adaptive. Sites based on responsive design provide all devices with the same set of URLs, where each URL provides all devices with a common HTML code, so modifying the site for different screens is achieved by using only CSS code. Sites built on adaptive web design dynamically tell all devices common URLs, but each URL contains a different HTML (and CSS) code, depending on the type of hardware.
Also, I found information about proportional layout (fluid grid), where
"target/context = result".  Important information was about fluid images.
• How does responsive design relate to web technologies? How can web pages take advantage of it?
Nowadays, almost every new client wants to have a mobile version of their site. In the end, it’s practically necessary: one design for BlackBerry, another for iPhone, iPad, netbooks - and all screen resolutions should also be compatible. In the next five years, we will probably need to develop a number of additional inventions. Therefore we don't want to lose clients and doing everything to them, for a more comfortable service. With Responsive design, clients can see our website from any device and make purchases.
 What techniques, technologies, and patterns did you use in your responsive design?
I used several techniques in my responsive design, I implemented the FlexBox, Grid, viewport and used a lot of bootstrap elements. I used responsive navbar, I used containers, col-MD col-sm col-LG, and e.t.c
• What did you learn about building web apps for different devices?
I started building my website 2 weeks ago and I initially started working with React in building my website but during the way, things got so confusing as I was losing a lot of time and there was a little progress made. And I, later on, I switched to using Bootstrap instead of React as I was in a race with time, I do understand all the concepts that come with JS and that is the reason why I have included a little bit of it in my Final Assessment. I made use of modern CSS for my project with tools such as Flex Box or Grid for the design of my website as to make it compatible with all devices(Responsive Design) with different aspect ratios ranging from small pixels all the way up to large laptop screens, I had a lot of practice with Bootstrap and found out how to work with images, icons and got extra knowledge with API on React and how it works with proper Viewport settings for mobile devices width and scaling
